* (title): Mortimer Hawkins Strain Spotlight: Gorilla Glue
* (summary): Gorilla Glue is one of the strongest Sativas in the jungle. See why the Gorilla Glue strain may be the perfect pain management solution.
* (meta tags): gorilla glue #1, gorilla glue #2, gorilla glue #3, gorilla glue #4, gg strains
* (picture url): https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B5oCL51bmdd9cUdSNER2M3Jvb1E
* (picture alt tag): get gorilla glue for pain management relief
* (published at): 20170301

---

Gorilla Glue #4 by GG Strains first hit the cannabis market in 2014. Developed
by Josey Whales and Lone Watie, co-founders of GG Strains and long-time cannabis
cultivators, this potent Sativa-dominant hybrid has quickly taken the cannabis
industry by storm.

Since appearing on the scene just a few short years ago, Gorilla Glue #4 has won
multiple industry awards and is now one of the most popular strains on the
market. In fact, this potent Sativa-dominant hybrid is so popular, it has
already inspired a slew of sister strains. Gorilla Glue #4: One Strain to Rule
Them All With three potent and flavorful strains in its genealogy, the original
Gorilla Glue strain, Gorilla Glue #4, is one of the strongest smelling strains
you’ll encounter. In fact, the pungent smell of this hybrid is so potent that
many cultivators choose to grow their crops indoors instead of outside.

When consuming this potent strain, terpenes from Chem’s Sister, Sour Dub, and
Chocolate Diesel blend to create an intense, distinctive aroma, not unlike the
smell of stale coffee. The potent combination of Sativa hybrids is part of what
makes this strain an effective choice for patients seeking marijuana for pain
management, anxiety, and more. The distinctly sour smell of this strain is
underscored by notes of sandalwood and citrus, courtesy of the strain’s sour
diesel genetics.

Users of Gorilla Glue #4 can expect a strong cerebral high with feelings of
euphoria and pain relief. The Chemdawg genetics of this strain, courtesy of
another of its parent strains, Chem’s Sister, also means that consumers of
Gorilla Glue #4 can also expect their high to last longer than any other Sativa
hybrid on the market.

The hybrid genetics and high THC content of this strain also give it an
advantage when it comes to treating conditions like appetite loss, chronic
fatigue, depression, stress, some anxiety and mood disorders, and chronic pain.

Covered with frosty trichomes, Gorilla Glue #4 has a light green color when
ready for harvesting. One identifier of this strain is the appearance of a salty
or snowy covering over the harvested buds. The trichomes on this strain are
proof of its potency; typically Gorilla Glue #4 offers a high yield of THC, with
the strain itself usually containing between 25-28% THC. Meet the Rest of the
Gorilla Glue Family Two years after thriving in the market with Gorilla Glue #4,
GG strains released Gorilla Glue #1 in the summer of 2016. This potent and
flavorful sister strain to Gorilla Glue #4 is a hybrid strain with a different
phenotype profile than Gorilla Glue #4, despite the fact that both strains were
bred with the same parent genetics. How Gorilla Glue #1 and Gorilla Glue #4 came
from the same parents A plant’s genetic makeup, called a genotype, acts as a
blueprint for growth. A genotype contains a spectrum of physical possibilities a
strain or plant can manifest, but it is dependent upon environmental factors to
induce these characteristics.

Growers commonly refer to the physical expression of a genotype as a phenotype.
A phenotype is simply defined as the articulated traits an environment pulls out
from a plant’s genetic code. The phenotype is used to refer to every physically
articulated trait from color, shape, smell, and even resin production. Gorilla
Glue #1 Gorilla Glue #1, also known as "420 Glue" is an evenly balanced hybrid
strain with the same parents as Gorilla Glue #4 but expressing different
phenotypes. Like its sister strain, this bud packs a potent cerebral punch,
fueled by a THC content that floats between 25% to 28%.

A deep and relaxing body high that can last for hours accompanies the
characterizing cerebral high of the Gorilla Glue strains. The potent Indica
effects of this strain make it an ideal option for treating chronic pain,
depression, insomnia, nausea, muscle spasms, and much more. Gorilla Glue #5
Gorilla Glue #5 is an Indica dominant hybrid strain bred by crossing Gorilla
Glue #1 with Gorilla Glue #4. This delivers a potent punch that is stronger than
both of its parent strains; the lowest THC levels for this strain start at 28%,
making it the preferred choice for experienced tokers.

The potent body high delivered by Gorilla Glue #1 is exacerbated by this strain,
giving new meaning to the term ‘couch locked’. Due to Gorilla Glue #5’s intense
pain relieving qualities, we often recommend it for experienced cannabis
patients suffering from chronic pain conditions, muscle spasms, insomnia, and
depression. Don’t be fooled by imposter strains Although the numbers might be
confusing, GG strains has only created four Gorilla Glue strains: Gorilla Glue
#4, Gorilla Glue #1, Gorilla Glue #5, and one boutique strain. Although some
cannabis consumers have reported seeing Gorilla Glue #2 and Gorilla Glue #3
labels, per GG strains, these imitation strains are not the real deal. Get Your
Gorilla Glue from The Apothecary Shoppe As recreational sales hit Las Vegas this
week, make sure you work with a dispensary whose products you can trust. Give us
a call today or stop by our online store to shop for your Gorilla Glue strain
today!
