* (title): Recreational Marijuana Starts this Summer!
* (summary): Pain Management
* (meta tags): recreational marijuana
* (picture url): https://storage.googleapis.com/the-apothecary-shoppe-public-assets/blog-posts/recccc.jpg
* (picture alt tag): recrational marijuana
* (published at): 20170630

---

Nevada—and Las Vegas in particular—are simmering in more ways than one this
summer. In less than one month, cannabis consumers in Clark County expect to
begin making their first, legal recreational marijuana purchases from licensed
dispensaries across the Vegas valley.

### When Do Recreational Dispensaries Open in Nevada?

Ever since voters passed Question Two in November and legalized the recreational
use of marijuana, cannabis consumers across the country and the state have
watched and waited for Nevada recreational dispensaries to open their doors.

Expectations were set high earlier this year when state representatives
confirmed after a joint commission meeting that recreational sale licenses would
be issued as soon as July 1. For this to happen, the state’s new marijuana
regulatory body, the state Tax Commission, approved emergency rules that created
a temporary “early start” recreational program. This early start program will
allow recreational sales from July 1 until the end of the year.

Although state representatives confirmed on June 19 that they are forging ahead
with every intention of issuing licenses by the July deadline, pending
litigation between the state and the independent liquor lobby has regulators and
businesses in both industries on tenterhooks. The judge overseeing the case,
Carson City District Judge James Wilson, is expected to make a decision on June
20 that will determine who gets recreational marijuana licenses and when.

### Recreational marijuana in Las Vegas to propel a new ‘green rush’

While other purple states have yet to begin recreational marijuana sales
officially, industry leaders and government representatives in Nevada have no
intention of following the slower pace of states like Colorado and California.
In these states, the government’s inability to quickly implement a recreational
sale program has resulted in recreational sales—and profit—going to the black
market instead of state coffers.

### Recreational marijuana taxes to tune of $70 million

There’s no doubt that Governor Brian Sandoval and his executive office wants the
state to get its piece of the pie when it comes to taxes on recreational
marijuana. In January’s budget, Sandoval’s proposed budget for the 2018-2019
fiscal year included just one new tax that is estimated to rake in more than $70
million in revenue alone. The new tax? You guessed it. It’s a 10% tax on
recreational marijuana sales.

### Blocking the black market through marijuana legalization

The fast tracking of recreational marijuana sales relies on the rationale that
lawmakers and legislators simply don’t want to contribute to the growth of the
marijuana black market. According to Chief Deputy Attorney General William
McKean, any delay to the state’s anticipated rollout of recreational sales only
ensures that marijuana users will continue to rely on the black market—which
means they won’t be paying taxes on the products they purchase.

McKean and the state’s concern regarding black market marijuana sales have
merit, particularly since it is legal to have up to one ounce of marijuana
flower and one-eighth of an ounce of marijuana concentrates on you at a time.
Although public consumption is currently illegal, bills like SB 236 were
proposed as a way to create public use lounges for the millions of tourists who
hope to come to Vegas and consume cannabis.

Unfortunately, because assembly members failed to take the needed action on the
bill before this session’s legislative deadline, public consumption of
recreational marijuana is off the table until at least the end of the year.

### Do’s and Don’ts for Cannabis Users in Nevada

DO purchase from a medical dispensary that you know and trust. While the state
has every intention of issuing the recreational marijuana licenses on July 1st,
if you are in need of medical marijuana, the smartest and safest move is to
purchase it legally with a state-issued medical marijuana card. If you’re unsure
of how to get the process started—Nevada or out-of-state resident—feel free to
give our team a call. DON’T consume marijuana in public. If you’ve walked down
The Strip since November, chances are you got a whiff of marijuana smoke at some
point during your jaunt. Although it may be tempting to spark up while you’re in
public, doing so can result in a ticket or fine and confiscation of your
product. Don’t risk it—until officials legalize public consumption lounges and
events, stick to toking at home. DO let your representative know how you feel
about recreational marijuana use. During the last legislative session for Carson
City, legislators reviewed more than a dozen proposed bills regarding the use,
consumption, and regulation of the marijuana industry. Although several of these
bills died on the Chief Clerk's desk or were vetoed by Governor Sandoval, it's
important to stay informed and active. Let your representatives know what you
think of the bills they are (or aren’t) passing. Still unsure of how these laws
will affect you as a recreational user or medical marijuana patient? Find more
answers to frequently asked questions about recreational marijuana.

### Safe and Legal Recreational Marijuana Dispensary

Whether it’s flowers, concentrate, or edibles you’re looking for, we have it
all. Visit The Apothecary Shoppe across from the Palms to learn more about what
kind of marijuana product will give you the legal relief you’ve been looking
for.
